telephone_dir_maintenance_system
================================


The system is been designed to maintain the details of departments, employees and telephone number details through a Java Swing and mysql application 
Unique number generation for new employee, new department and new telephone no. Retrieval of telephone details based on employee name. Deletion of department deletes all the employees belonging to that department.

Main Modules
============


1. Department Maintenance

2. Employee Maintenance

3. Telephone directory Maintenance




Department Maintenance
======================

This module will have two main functions:

1. Add department codes
2. Delete department codes

Add Department
==============

The department code should start with 100.
The department codes should be unique and generated by the system.
The add department screen should have provision for adding new departments as long as the user wishes.
When the user finishes adding new departments, the control should return to the Department Maintenance Screen.

Delete Department
=================

The department code to be deleted should exist.
If the department code does not exist, an error message should be displayed, and system should ask if the user wants to delete another department
If the user confirms deletion, the department should get deleted. The corresponding employee details should be also deleted.
The delete department screen should have provision for deleting departments as long as the user wishes.
When the user finishes deleting departments, the control should return to the Department Maintenance Screen.


Employee Maintenance
====================

This module will have two functions

1. Add new Employees
2. Edit Employee Information


Add New Employees
=================

The employee id should start with 1000.
The employee ids should be unique and generated by the system.
The add new employee screen should have provision for adding new employees as long as the user wishes


Edit Employee
=============

The employee id should exist
If the employee id does not exist,  an error message should be displayed, and system should ask if the user wants to edit another employee.
The edit employee screen should have provision for editing employee information as long as the user wishes
When the user finishes editing,  the control should return to the Employee Master Screen.

Telephone Directory Maintenance
===============================

This module will have two main functions:

1. Add new Telephone
2. Enquiry on employee name


Add New Telephone
=================

The employee id entered should exist.
If the employee id does not exist,   an error message should be displayed, and system should ask if the user wants to enter another employee id.
The telephone number should be generated by the system and should be sequential
The add telephone number screen should have provision for adding new Telephone Numbers as long as the user wishes.
When the user finishes adding new Telephone Numbers,  the control should return to the Directory Maintenance Screen.


Enquiry on employee name
========================

Partial search on employee name should be implemented.
If the name does not exist,  an error message should be displayed,  and system should prompt whether the user wants to enquire on another name.
If the name exists,  the details of all the telephone numbers whose owner names
match partially should be displayed,
When the user finishes enquiry by employee,  the control should return to the Telephone Enquiry Screen.

